NMS-13340: Add HostResourceSWRunDetector docs (#3447)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/provisioning/detectors/HostResourceSWRunDetector.adoc

=== HostResourceSWRunDetector

Use the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB] to detect a process to monitor.

> A given process matches against the numeric value of the _hrSwRunState_ to detect a process as _hrSwRunName_. 

Author: ```suggestion
Use the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB] to detect a process to monitor.
```

=== HostResourceSWRunDetector

> This detector test the running state of one or more processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> It does this via SNMP by inspecting the _hrSwRunTable_ of the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detect a process for monitoring using the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB].
```

> The test is done by matching a given process as _hrSwRunName_ against the numeric value of the _hrSwRunState_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A process is detected by a given process as _hrSwRunName_ matching against the numeric value of the _hrSwRunState_.
```

Reviewer 2: update below

> This detector uses _SNMP_ to accomplish its work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SNMP protocol needs to be configured and the HOST-RESOURCES-MIB must be supported by the SNMP agent.
```

Reviewer 2: updates to Ronny's change below.

> Therefore systems against which it is to be used must have an SNMP agent installed and configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Furthermore, the _SNMP agent_ on the system must support the _HOST-RESOURCES-MIB_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Most modern _SNMP agents_, including most distributions of the _Net-SNMP agent_ and the _SNMP service_ that ships with _Microsoft Windows_, support this _MIB_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most modern _SNMP agents_, including most distributions of the _Net-SNMP agent_ and the _SNMP service_ that ships with _Microsoft Windows_, support this _MIB_.
```
```suggestion
Most modern _SNMP agents_, e.g. _Net-SNMP agent_ and the _Microsoft SNMP service_ support the _HOST-RESOURCES-MIB_.
```

> Out-of-box support for _HOST-RESOURCES-MIB_ among commercial _Unix_ operating systems may be somewhat spotty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> NOTE: This detector implements the <<provisioning/detectors/SnmpDetector.adoc>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This detector implements the configuration parameters inherited from the <<provisioning/detectors/SnmpDetector.adoc>>.
```

==== Detector facts

[options="autowidth"]
|===
| Implementation | `org.opennms.netmgt.provision.detector.snmp.HostResourceSWRunDetector`
|===

==== Configuration and Use

> .Parameters for the <DETECTOR-NAME-HERE>

Reviewer: <DETECTOR-NAME-HERE>

Reviewer 2: We should replace everything with blah blah! :-)

Author: https://i.gifer.com/1lSu.gif

Author: ```suggestion
.Parameters for the HostResourceSwRunDetector
```

=== HostResourceSWRunDetector

This detector test the running state of one or more processes.

> It does this via SNMP by inspecting the _hrSwRunTable_ of the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB] to detect a process to monitor.
```
Is the process doing the monitoring, or are we detecting a process to monitor?

Author: We detect a running process to be able to monitor it with [HostResourceSwRunMonitor](https://github.com/OpenNMS/opennms/blob/develop/docs/modules/operation/pages/service-assurance/monitors/HostResourceSwRunMonitor.adoc).
The process is listed in the HOST-RESOURCES-MIB.

Reviewer 2: Thanks. Then my suggestion is phrased correctly.

> It does this via SNMP by inspecting the _hrSwRunTable_ of the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB].

Author: ```suggestion
Use the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB] to detect a process to monitor.
```

> The test is done by matching a given process as _hrSwRunName_ against the numeric value of the _hrSwRunState_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A given process matches against the numeric value of the _hrSwRunState_ to detect a process as _hrSwRunName_. 
```

> This detector uses _SNMP_ to accomplish its work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must configure the SNMP protocol, and the SNMP agent must support HOST-RESOURCES-MIB.
```

Therefore systems against which it is to be used must have an SNMP agent installed and configured.
Furthermore, the _SNMP agent_ on the system must support the _HOST-RESOURCES-MIB_.

> Most modern _SNMP agents_, including most distributions of the _Net-SNMP agent_ and the _SNMP service_ that ships with _Microsoft Windows_, support this _MIB_.

Reviewer 2: update to comment below.

> Most modern _SNMP agents_, including most distributions of the _Net-SNMP agent_ and the _SNMP service_ that ships with _Microsoft Windows_, support this _MIB_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most modern _SNMP agents_, e.g., _Net-SNMP agent_ and the _Microsoft SNMP service_, support the _HOST-RESOURCES-MIB_.
```

=== HostResourceSWRunDetector

Detect a process for monitoring using the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB].
A given process matches against the numeric value of the _hrSwRunState_ to detect a process as _hrSwRunName_. 

You must configure the SNMP protocol, and the SNMP agent must support HOST-RESOURCES-MIB.

> Most modern _SNMP agents_, e.g. _Net-SNMP agent_ and the _Microsoft SNMP service_ support the _HOST-RESOURCES-MIB_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most modern _SNMP agents_, e.g. _Net-SNMP agent_ and the _Microsoft SNMP service_, support the _HOST-RESOURCES-MIB_.
```

=== HostResourceSWRunDetector

This detector test the running state of one or more processes.

> Detect a process for monitoring using the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB].

Reviewer 2: Use the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB] to detect a process to monitor.

> Detect a process for monitoring using the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2790[HOST-RESOURCES-MIB] to detect a process to monitor.
```
